*CHECK PRETTY IMPORTANT
I. The interview process.
  Your performance might be evaluated by the next by:
    Analytical Skills. How was your solution? Did you struggle to find it?
    Coding Skills. Did you write reasonable code?
    Technical Knowledge. Do you have strong basics?
    Experience. Have you done good technical decisions?
    Culture fit. Did you communicate well?
II. Behind the scenes.
  The google interview.
    Definitely prepare: 
      System design
      Scalability
      Algorithmic skills
    What's different
      Your interviewers don't decide if you are hired or not.
V. Behavioral Questions.
  Interview Preparation Grid
    Important to know the aspects of your projects.
  Weaknesses
    Be honest!
    How do you overcome this?
  What should I ask to the interviewer?
    Genuine Questions
      What has been most challenging for you?
    Insightful Questions
      Questions to demonstrate your knowledge
    Passion questions
      These questions demonstrate that you like technology:
	I like x, what opportunities are there at this company to learn more about this?
	Could you tell me a bit of how y works?
    Know your technical projects
      Focus on the ones with:
	Challenging components
	You played a central role
	You can talk at technical depth
    Responding to behavioral questions
      Be specific, not arrogant
      Limit Details 
      Focus on Yourself, not your team
	Assume that every question is about your role.
	Listen how many times you say "we" vs "I"
      Give structured answers
	Nugget. "Let me tell you about that time..."
	SAR. Situation, action, result
      Check what your stories say
      Tell me about yourself
	Important
	Recommended structure.
	  Current role.
	  College
	  Post-college
	  Current role (details).
	  Outside of work
	  what's next
	Hobbies
	  Mention them only if they're interesting, unique or remark any of your passions or skills

VI. Big O 38-59
  Metric used to describe the efficiency of algorithms.
  Big O. Upper bound
  Big Omega. Lower bound
  Big theta. Tight bound
  Space Complexity.
    It is different to the time complexity.
  Drop the constants.
    Big O notation only describes the slope.
  Multi-part algorithms.
    O(A + B)
      for(auto x: a) cout << 1;
      for(auto x: b) cout << 0;
    O(AB) 
      for(auto x: a) 
        for(auto y: b) 
          cout << 10;
  Amortized Time
    If complexity changes depending on the case, try to consider both complexities and generalize.
  logn runtimes
    Appears commonly the number of elements is divided by two.
  Recursive runtimes
    When you have a recursive function that makes multiple calls, the complexity is often O(branches^depth)

IX. Interview Questions
  Data Structures.
    1. Arrays and Strings
      Hash tables.
        A key is assigned to the values and it is located at a position of an array, so the lookup time is O(1) most of the times.
      Resizable arrays. 
        Most of the times, a resizable arrays doubles its size if the capacity is exceeded, this still has O(1) complexity for insertions. n + n/2 + n/4... is almost 2n.
      Stringbuilder.
        Concatenating n strings of length x takes O(xn²), a StringBuilder is a resizable array that is converted to string only when needed.
      Interview Questions.     
        1.1 Is Unique. Sorting.
        1.2 Check Permutation. Sorting.
        1.3 URLify. Traverse backwards.
        1.4 Palindrome Permutation. Sort, set.
        1.5 One away. Edit distance, check char by char, if not equal, start from the back.
        1.6 String compression. Another string, pointer and compress.
        1.7 Rotate Matrix. *
        1.8 Zero Matrix. Set of rows, set of columns.
        1.9 String Rotation. *
    2. Linked lists.
      Data structure that represents a sequence of nodes. Every node points to others.
    3. Stacks and Queues.
      Stack. LIFO
      Queue. FIFO
      Interview Questions.     
	3.1 Three in one. *
	3.2 Stack Min. Some kind of DP? Save every item with the smallest so far.
	3.3 Stack of Plates. Ez
	3.4 Queue via stacks. *O(n) approach, is it the best?
	3.5 Sort Stack. Original stack is already sorted. Pop every element smaller than the one you are pushing.
	3.6 Animal Shelter. It's only a pair of queues. Isn't it?
    4. Trees and Graphs.
      Trees
        Trees are a kind of graph, it has no cycles, it has a root, every node may have children.
        A node is called a leaf if it has no children.
	Binary Tree.
	  Every node has up to two children.
	  Binary Search Tree.
	    Every descendant from the left is <= than any right descendant.
	  Balanced trees.
	    AVL and Red-Black trees ensure to find and search elements in O(logn)
	  Complete binary tree.
	    The only level able to be not filled is the last one, in that case, it's filled from left to right.
	  Full Binary Trees.
	    Every node has either two or zero children.
	  Perfect binary trees.
	    These trees are both full and complete. This means every leaf are at the same level adn this lever has the maximum number of nodes.
	  Binary tree traversal.
	    In-order traversal.
      	      Left branch
      	      Current Node
      	      Rigth branch
	    Pre-order traversal.
      	      Current node
      	      Left branch
      	      Right branch
      	    Post-order traversal.
      	      Left branch
      	      Rigth branch
      	      Current node
	  Binary heaps.
      	    Complete binary tree.
      	    For max heaps: Every node is greater than its children.
      	    Min heaps: Nodes are smaller than the children.
      	    Insertion.
      	      Insert the element in the bottommost and rigthmost spot and bubble it with its parent while it's greater.
      	    Extract.
      	      Remove top element, move the last one to the top and bubble it down with the smaller child until the heap property is maintained.
	Tries.
	  Variant of n-ary trees. Good data structure to work with strings and their prefixes.
      Graphs.
	A graph is a collection of edges and nodes.
	They can be:
	  Directed or undirected
	  Connected or disconnected 
	  Cyclic or acyclic
	For programming they can be stored in:
	  Adjacency list. A bit more complex
	  Adjacency matrix. Less efficient
	Graph search.
	  DFS.
	    Goes deep
	    It is called preorder in trees
	    Stack (may be implemented recursively or iteratively)
	  BFS.
	    Goes wide
	    Queue (it's not recursive)
	  Bidirectional search.
	    To find the shortest path between two points, a BFS from the source and one from the destination will be faster.
	    In a graph where every node has k neighbors. Finding a path of length d would take O(k^d) using the common BFS, and O(k^(d/2)) in terms of bidirectional search.
      Interview Questions.     
	4.2 Minimal Tree.
	4.7 Build Order.
	4.8 First Common Ancestor.
	4.9 BST Sequences.
	4.10 Check Subtree.
	4.11 Random node.
  Concepts and Algorithms
    5. Bit Manipulation
      XOR is true if both bits are different
      Two's complement and negative numbers
	Computers store positive numbers in their binary representation
	And negative numbers are stored in two's complement, that is a concatenation of (1, 2^(n-1) - k)
      Arithmetic vs Logical Right Shift
	Logical right shift. The most significant bit turns to 0 (messes up negative numbers)
	Arithmetical right shift. Roughly divides by two
	Common bit tasks.
	  Pretty important
      Interview Questions
	Pretty important
    6. Math and logical puzzles
